Simplifies grammar (#17725)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/web_components/using_shadow_dom/index.md

![](dom-screenshot.png)

> _Shadow_ DOM allows hidden DOM trees to be attached to elements in the regular DOM tree — this shadow DOM tree starts with a shadow root, underneath which can be attached any elements you want, in the same way as the normal DOM.

Reviewer: Let's go one step further and remove the passive voice:
```suggestion
_Shadow_ DOM allows hidden DOM trees to be attached to elements in the regular DOM tree — this shadow DOM tree starts with a shadow root, underneath which you can attach any element, in the same way as the normal DOM.
```
